Xiaoxiao, we grew up together
I have no family.
Treat you as your dearest sister
This is my baby.
How could you have the heart to do something to him?
So you saw it just now
You've been playing with me for so long
Is it fun to trade you and play with me?
I've been giving you a chance
Come on, it's just the two of us now
You don't have to pretend here
The child in your belly
It affected my status in Gu Yunting's heart
I was kicked out of this by Gu Yunting
You are Zheng Yuan, that Miss Li
That's right, you didn't stay home that night
Leave my resume at Langting
As a result, Gu Yunting believed that
The woman who had a one-night stand that night was me
Took me back to this hospital
I am Gu Yunting
He had no idea that my child was his.
He is simply not interested in you.
Don't be angry with me and my children
Since you don't like Guo Yuting
There is no need to keep the baby in the belly
You even do it for me
Can you abort the baby in your belly?
Xiao Xiao, this is a life
But my child
Anyone who hurts me or my children
I won't forgive
Get out of here
Jiang Yin, you finally spoke your mind
Go away, go away, you and the baby in your belly
Don't have to die
Hello for a year
So I thought about it.
Or should Gu Yunting know about the child?
What if he cares?
Forget it.
Gu Yunting has kicked Xiaoxiao out of the town courtyard
What does this have to do with Xiao Xiao?
Xiao Xiao Maoming replaced my identity
Became Guo Yunting's girlfriend
Guo Yunting kicked him out of the recruitment
It means that he is interested in the woman who has a one-night stand
I've lost interest.
I'd better not make fun of myself
Don't worry.
I can do this.
Nini